okay people the time is upon us I'm
gonna try and not guarantee you guys
that I know the fact that patient for is
gonna be live streaming the event so if
I actually open up a google hangout and
a live stream I can broadcast it through
my google hangouts what's happening I
can't do this i'm going to try actually
doing it on my channel so today I'm also
on talk to you guys about what's
happening in Japan first of all what you
looking your screen right now this is
where you go in you walk into this area
and you have to register yourself to get
a precision for even if you pre-ordered
it there's a certain list and queuing
that's actually working at every single
retail shop so he's got to set up and
you actually get your number and you
wait in the queue people have been doing
this from early in the morning and this
guy using an idea was lucky enough to
get number one from what I've actually
read and found out that he was here
early in the morning so I round five
four a.m. in the morning he waited
outside the stores and he has able to
get number one so it's not as drastic as
you guys would think it's not like
America Europe where people are waiting
like a week ahead this guy just came at
five o'clock in the morning and he
actually beat the rush and from the
looks of things we also had some
schoolgirls who decided not to show up
and I can actually talk about this real
from what I've actually seen as school
settings and all around the place it
seems a lot of people were missing from
schools today because they're going to
line up for this as well as these molds
and shops who are very busy a lot of
people on a weekday you don't usually
see this there's something I was also a
little bit jealous about so if you
actually ordered your PlayStation I want
to get comments down below America
Europe and you are there at the launch
did you guys get PlayStation 4 t-shirts
because they were handing this out
according to all my friends I spoke to
him after seeing this image and he told
me that every single person who came in
today and he stands sitting in that line
of standing in that line is getting a
playstation 4 t-shirt that's kind of
cool
you
now in western Japan i'm going to show
you two separate images as you can see
this is one of the most famous shopping
malls and you notice that these blankets
these guys apparently were here all week
they were actually living you're staying
here and some of them are also working
so it's really really I would say this
is usually shows you how much is people
have sony fans they were going to work
working major shifts because you need a
sense of the in japan people work like
from early in the morning to late at
night most and finish around 10 or 11
p.m. at night and then coming here
having someone sitting in that line
whilst they actually at work coming back
and holding the position getting back
into that line the other this green hard
court this thing they were going so hard
to get this console that it shows the
passion they have for sony and lastly
this is one of the major sony
headquarters or sony business buildings
that sells the playstation 4 and you can
see how long this line is people are
just aching and wind you actually see it
i loved how they have all the screens
outside advertising and I just want get
your comments down below because I'm
going to bring you guys the footage
showing you what's happening at the
PlayStation 4 and this is awesome this
is I'm really hyped up right now I know
the fact the info Coca where I am
actually placed at you cannot buy any
positions they are completely sold out
you cannot buy the headset gold hit set
sold out you can only buy a controller
but only few retailers actually have it
and I don't like guys that everything
that PlayStation related is sold out in
Japan right now that is just massive and
it shows you the sales are just an
explode right now and I'm just happy
because I have a lot of friends in Japan
and I want to see them gaming and
enjoying themselves with the next
generation system and I want the world
new games to come out like JRPGs or many
gave targeted again towards japanese
gamers as well so they can actually
enjoy the new system hope you guys
enjoyed this i'm going to try to bring
you guys the live stream if i can
there's no guarantees about it i'm going
to try working on be gonna hang out but
I yeah in this enjoy these exclusive
photos and images actually brought to
right now of the japan lineup and the
launch event that's what's going on
right now later